feat(network-agent): Add pod annotation for secret checksum (#324)
honeycombio/helm-charts: charts/network-agent/README.md

The default key used to retrieve the API from the secret key is `apiKey`. You can provide an alternative key by setting the `existingSecretKey` value.

> **NOTE**: If you use a separate secret key to manage your API keys, it is also recommened to set a custom pod annotation that can be used to trigger a redeployment of pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: If you use a separate secret key to manage your API keys, you should also define a custom pod annotation (for example, a hash of the secret) that can be used to trigger a redeployment of pods when the secret changes.
```

### Using a values.yaml

> If you prefer to manage your helm charts by providing your own values.yaml, it is recommended to use an existing secret to avoid storing your Honeycomb API key as plain text.

Reviewer: I know this isn't part of this changeset, but why do we use the term "existing secret" here? As opposed to a new secret? I don't understand what this is supposed to mean, but I could be missing something.
